Once upon a time, in a land far off in the mountains of an unknown region, there lived a girl who loved to explore.
 The girl found learning about new people, different places, and unique things absolutely invigorating. Not only did she express a strong interest in learning, but she had a penchant for it too.
 The girl’s exceptional memory and quick thinking did not go unnoticed by her parents, who did their best to foster her abilities. The only problem– the girl couldn’t go outside.
 For unknown medical reasons at the time, the girl was unable to adventure outdoors and was restricted to explore the world within the walls her own home. Fortunately for her, this was no problem.
 The plethora of books and trinkets her parents would bring home, was more than enough to keep her entertained for numerous lifetimes–or so she thought.

One day, the girl saw a weird white rabbit walking through her garden—it dressed, holding a pocket watch, talking to herself, and rushing. The curious girl followed it and jumped into the rabbit hole.
 This hole is an abyss. After a long time, the girl finally landed. She was shocked to see that she was in a strange hall, surrounded by large and small doors, and all the doors were locked.
 She picked up a key, but only opened a small door. Since the door was too small, she could only look over and found a Peugeot garden there. She placed the key on the table and found a bottle
 of "drink me" in the hall. Alice couldn't help but say that she had finished drinking it and found herself shrinking. When she could pass through the small door, she couldn't get back the key on
 the table. In the midst of panic, she picked up a cake that said "eat me." This time, after the girl ate it, she quickly became bigger and bigger, and even the top of her head was attached to the
 ceiling.

Alice picked up the White Rabbit's fan and began to shrink, and she  cried for help. "Oh, I'll never get back to the right size!"
She went looking for help and a green caterpillar dressed in a pink jacket told her to eat a piece of the mushroom he was perched upon.
Alice did so, and began to grow. "How do I get out of here?" Alice asked.
"That path leads to the Mad Hatter. The other way leads to Lae March Hare," said a voice from behind. She looked up to see a smiling cheshire cat in a tree. "I'll see you later at WWE smackdown featuring John Cena!"

Alice didn't know where to find the WWE smack down, or who John Cena was, but one thing was for certain, that cat came out of nowhere. Alice decided it best to go find the Mad Hatter, as some one who is mad may well know where the WWE Smackdown is. She headed off down the trail, and the more she walked the louder a stange song grew. The tune she hummed and the words she knew. But she figured it was going  to be a long long time till touch down brang her round again to find that she wasn't the girl they knew at home. Oh no, no, no. She was a fiction girl.

Crash! The lound metal clang caused Alice to bolt up right in her bed. She looked around to see her homemade alarm clock had been ringing so loud it launched itself off her nightstand and onto the floor. Bewildered, Alice looked around to see she was still in the confines of her own room and that her odd experiences with the rabbit, caterpiller, and cat were all just a dream. Glancing back at her clock, she read 9:43am. Oh no! She never sleeps in this late! Alice gets washes up, get dressed, and prepares for the rest of her day. 
Once she's ready, she picks up a her journal and one of the many book around the house and begins to read. As the hours tick by, and the sun begings to set, Alice peers up from her journal in time to see the lock of the living room door turn. "Mother! Father! You're back!", Alice exclaims. "We are! How was your day?", her mother asks. Alice tells them about her day and about all the marvelous things she learned about from her books. Just as they were about to head into the kitchen to start dinner, her father pauses. "Oh! Alice, dear, I have a new book for you!". Walking to his leather satchel and pulling out a dusty old book, he crosses the room to hand it to her. " I've never heard of it, but something about it just drew me to it. I hope you like it!". Alice took the weight book in her hands and glanced over the cover. Lacking a title or any sort of identification. Alice breifly flipped through, until a picture caught her eye. In a hand-sketched drawing of a tree, sit a purple cat perched in one of the branches. The cat's unaturally wide grin, unusual color, and mystical depiction that seemed to make it look like the cat was just slightly hovering above the branch make her breath catch in her throat for a minute. But before Alice could muster up any coherent thoughts, her mother's voice brought her back, "Honey, will you help me cut some vegetables? There's this new dish I wanted to try and i'm going to need some help!". Closing the book with solid thump, Alice set the book on the dining room table and headed to the kitchen. Was she in for a treat tonight.   
  
